Devservices documentation (#281)
quarkiverse/quarkus-amazon-services: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/amazon-ses.adoc

* An AWS Account to access the SES service
* Docker for your system to run SES locally for testing purposes

=== Provision SES locally via Dev Services

The easiest way to start working with SES is to run a local instance using Dev Services.
However, local instance of SES is only mocks the SES APIs without the actual email sending capabilities. You can still use it for this guide to verify an API communication or integration test purposes.

=== Provision SES locally manually

> You can also setup a local version of SES manually, first start a localstack container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set up a local version of SES manually, first start a localstack container:
```
